hi Jessica how are you good so I had
some time to catch up with Jessica
Corazon right here and here's something
she has said so when was the first time
you actually run out with Paulie like
what you guys do when you're going at
how did you actually meet him what was
your first impression I met him seven
months ago at body English um we
exchanged numbers and from there about a
week later we actually hung out he took
me to his restaurant in the city um we
went out to dinner then we went to green
house and we just got to know each other
he seems like a really nice person um
and he told me was a boxer and never
watch boxing or anything like that so it
was cool it was interesting he told me
things about boxing and uh you know just
from there we kind of introduced you to
the sport yeah he did
so how long did you and Paulie talk for
um about seven months whether he was in
LA training or he was in New York we
always talked I mean pretty much every
single day um I talked to him while he
was training for his Kanoa fight and I
actually went to that I went to his
press conference for that um you know
long about would you say that was four
it was about seven months we were
talking okay um so what are your
thoughts and feelings about being
involved in this promotion I know you're
kind of evolved in all this so mm-hmm
what are your feelings of thoughts about
this um it's crazy I never thought I
would be involved in something like this
and as big as it's gotten I've never
thought that I would be involved in
something like this
but you just gotta roll with the punches
and you know I'm just defending my
friend and he's defending me and I
really appreciate someone sticking up
for me the way Adrienne is it's really a
great thing okay so how did you feel
about the press conference I know it got
a little bit crazy then yeah Ted how'd
you feel about that um you know I felt
like Paulie said some things that were
pretty much like unacceptable that you
you know shouldn't say about a person
but you know
um you can only expect that from people
you know and it was crazy I watched it I
was actually I'm own during the whole
thing II drink old me but um it was
crazy I was actually supposed to be
there but I didn't actually make it
there but it was you know it was a press
conference right uh so tell us about
Adrian um Adrian's a really great person
I think he's an exceptional boxer um if
you watch the video from his DiMarco
fight if you youtube it you can actually
see Adrian was helping the kids if
they're sandy clean up the trash and
things that blew over or whatever he was
doing he's a great person and people
should realize that about him that you
know not only use you a great boxer but
outside of the ring he does a lot of
great things for people
okay okay um so have you always watched
boxing or did you not get into that
um when Paulie told me it was a boxer
seven months ago I actually just started
watching it um it was actually we went
out on Wednesday night when we met and
um I think it was like Saturday he
called me and he was like turn on the
fights turn on the fights and it was
actually Adrian's fight that was on and
the whole time I was texting him I was
like oh my god she's so good I love him
on his entrance with Waka Flocka I
thought it was so cool Mike this guy's
gonna blow up one day and he just I
don't know he told me they're trying to
hype them up but I'm like no I promise
you he's gonna be the best one day so
how do you actually see this flight
laying out who thinks gonna win this one
obviously Adrienne's gonna win this
fight but you know I don't as far as
Browns I don't know you know if it's
gonna be the first round or the eighth
round but you know obviously each Rhian
is going to take this fight okay okay um
I notice there's been some new things
said about you um do you does it bother
you or
that people say some negative things of
course you know you can have the haters
but does it actually bother you that
people saying stuff about you or um no
it doesn't bother me you know I go on
Twitter and I see people calling me a
groupie and ho or whatever they want to
say but you know as long as you know who
you are at the end of the day you can't
you can't worry about that stuff you
can't take it too seriously you know
there's always going to be haters when
stuff like this happens but you know
they don't know the real story they
don't know me so you know I can only I
can only laugh about it of course okay
so now the big question will you
actually be at the fight on June 22nd of
course I'll be at the fight front row
all right Jessica this has been really
interesting it's been a pleasure talking
to you
do you have anything you want to add
before I let you go oh no just tune into
the fight I think it's going to be a
good fight and June 22nd I'll be there
I'll see you there